hello very good I'm here to make a
pack opening of jumbo silver envelopes
they have put some special packs of
silver christmas and as in the
comments of the convenient bronze pack
You told me to do for Koppelin of
silver and the truth also players of
silver I love those to me are perhaps from
my fifa favorites, I'm going to open
these 10 envelopes that there are to open 10
remaining envelopes that lists ads
eight thousand five hundred coins to the people
hundreds of players with 11 silver and 3
unique and nothing then to see if there is a
little bit of luck I spent 85 thousand
coins but good I commented that something
there are many silver players who are
well valued and that they are put to give
a few coins or if not a few players
that I like that I am also cool host
look mantovani cash flow 'moras jungle
pinto lópez smeltz simao costa big cat
if guillermo and pereira sometimes I lose the
atleti bilbao second on I have started
to weak the first about regular
regular regular regular but good
morrison or uy uy uy uy uy uy uy
proceed
morrison is very good this I like
teva baptismal mendi
belongs to ms
Sara and Martins
Sara is the one who plays in Betis
Guillermo Sara Guillermo will be going
porter package I did not like anything and
guillermo sara third about
to see green butcher
hama line in ostia ham alignment darwin
montaño closed the face like orange and
brown what weird thing braulio
van der wien bam bam bam bam
the yuma of 2 fritzl and knit next
about them
I'm going to touch I know
bertran as bertran because if this good
Let's see
look at the bertran this is sold seeing by
a thousand and one malaver now
ambrosio davidson nabab stands
tomasevich over puddle
a Croatian and good that I like the
Croats
well puddle grandchild percent is a term
world in grandson james barker red and
potes in other sachets at the moment we
we are very lucky I have tried a couple
of interesting players but I want
something more powerful uncle because for
be queen cattermole never bother you
has a clue of more the midfielder
defensive and no track ferreira or kim
dae lee
and another ericsson with Gonzalez and of
my dances is the second player of
these bronze that touches me bright in
a voter envelope and dale dale dale dale
dale dale dale dale
there are tensions now
sun cyclone
you are what is very high jump 187
high east
elizondo dionisi tamboura vos
and red
it is dancing
to see crossing murphy espinoza caranta
you try this formula in real life
provided
bamba
this is good is bamba
2 thousand dollars Bamba this very good very
well I'm going to keep it
listen to sanchez carrasco from a chilean
dribble rhythm 23 23 to see
how many watermarks ojito ojito with
carrasco do not see with carrasco how
times is very cheap because it will be
by the league not that is the Chilean league
the east carrasco looks very good
this I'm going to try second rockets and
mailing is danced also one more
one gold one gold
work davis brad davis inter e dúas
murian
gay doubt
well we are in this sense once
is that silver I recommend that if you
play silver play never sell us or
never be the discards and better said
without looking at it they all go because there
Silver players there is a lot of power to
silver that are paid well good well what
best paid is the same neda 800 500
600 but better than discard or is
it comes out more mindfully you know what you love
Alan
good one has touched me in a gold
about silver is not so bad this
night for the low level that has
navas martins week there are martins that
good is martín se by the sea jiménez
together but there are only two envelopes I do not know
why do you give me not
I will not touch anything very very very expensive
but good I have played players
Interesting
tarantini
the kun berger six new and we that they
hassan heads embolism
bolt and the second is that it touches me in a
pack open and do not be in the same video in
volleyball twice last envelopes
of the silver ones
go away hand anderson díaz
one of bronze but of the low ones
levels took a hernandez tea
laguardia millardo mich
many week and pando good here I go to
leave the Paco River came east of the
silver envelopes I hope you have
liked although the truth is that I do not have
luck and nothing see you in the next
video see you later